Hi everybody! So here is a demo of our visualization,
You first get to our webpage, and you go onto the header and click "Visualization,"
which is going to jump down to this part of our webpage.
Um, we are first presented with our bar charts that represent
different race and ethnic groups by sex
and their representation in different STEM fields.
Um, so for example, let's say I wanted to
just explore this bar chart, I would hover over, for example
Latino Female, and I would see that there are about
79,000 Latino Females in the United States within STEM fields.
Notice, that American Indian (Indigenous Americans) and Native Hawaiian
race and ethnic groups do not have any bars,  this does not mean that there are 0 American Indian
men and women, and Native Hawaiian men and women,
in STEM fields in the United States,
it means that there was an issue with the data,
um, and that is addressed in our note here.
which a user can easily see.
So let's say I wanted to explore White Female,
I can see that 918,000 White Females are in STEM fields in the United States.
So I'm going to click on that.
And now I can see a breakdown of a number of different
STEM fields, um, among White Females, and grouped by different disability statuses.
So, we have those without a disability, and with a disability in Social Scientists, for instance
Let's say I'm interested in Mathematical Scientists,
um, we see that those with a disability, um, are significantly less than those without a disability
We have count here on the y-axis
Let's say I wanted to explore a little bit further,
Mathematical Scientists, I can click on those without a disability,
and see a better representation of how those with and without disability compare
in Mathematical Scientists as a White woman.
So I can just analyze that.
Let's say I wanted to go back, I can do so And this gives our users the opportunity to just explore the graph a little bit more
by utilizing the back button
and doing such. So thank you so much!